Hi everyone!
Today we will learn slicing strings in Python.
You can return a range of characters by using the slice syntax.
Specify the start index and the end index separated by a colon to return a part of the string.
Get the character from position two to position five five.
Not included in this example, and remember that the first character has the index zero.
Let's execute this example.
Section five string slicing I execute this two line of code.
Here the first is zero and we will start with the index two.
This is two.
And after that Intel for two, three and four.
And this is the three characters.
For this example we can update.
For example, we can make one.
You will have.
The letter E we can update from zero, for example, and we will start from the first letter.
Hello.
Slice from the start by leaving out the start index.
The range will start at the first character here.
For example, when we start when we leave the first index.
The range will start at the first character.
Let's execute this example.
Here.
In this example, we leave the first index and we start from zero.
It's the same example like to make zero in the first index.
Slice to the end by leaving out the end index.
The range will go to the end.
Here we just make the first index and we leave the end index.
And we will start from the index two until the end of the string.
Let's execute this example.
We start from the index 201 to the first letter L until the end.
Negative indexing using negative indexes to start the slice from the end of the string.
When we use the negative index, we will not start from the beginning of the string, but from the end
of the string and always the last position not included.
Let's execute this example.
We start from the negative index minus five until minus three.
Here in this example we start from the.
We have 123, four five from the letter oh.
Oh in the position one -5 or -4 and l minus three.
And d it will be minus two not included.